2,Narendra Modi: Bangladeshi Muslims are outsiders to India. Bangladeshi Hindus are not. Tells you a lot, really.
2,Only Assam taking in the Hindus from Bangaldesh is not proper. All states must contribute and they must get treated well: Narendra Modi
2,People of this land did not come under pressure from China. The clarion call of 'Jai Hind' reverberates in this land: Narendra Modi
0,The Lotus will shine in all the 8 states! There will be prosperity &amp; progress in the region: Narendra Modi in Pasighat, Arunachal Pradesh
4,Be it any nation, if a Hindu is troubled then there is only 1 place and that is where the Hindu will come: Narendra Modi
2,NDA is not only an alliance for us. It is National Development Alliance. We are committed to progress: Narendra Modi in Agartala
2,Youth from Northeast have rich potential in sports. Why cannot we have a sports university: Narendra Modi in Assam
2,Bangladesh Hindu migrants must be accommodated, poll panel must resolve 'D' (doubtful) voters issue before polls, says Narendra Modi: PTI
2,From Arunachal, Assam to Tripura - Narendra Modi returns to North East to unleash offensive - goes all out to win 24 seats on offer
2,After his recent comment that Narendra Modi should not be attacked over 2002 riots, NCP chief Sharad Pawar does a complete U-turn
0,The Lotus will shine in all the 8 states. There will be prosperity and progress in the region: Narendra Modi in Pasighat
2,Bangladesh Hindu migrants must be accommodated. EC must resolve Doubtful(D) voters issue before Lok Sabha polls: Narendra Modi.
4,Who is responsible for the poverty in Assam, asks BJP PM nominee Narendra Modi as the crowds cheer him on
2,BJP Prime Ministerial nominee Narendra Modi to hold rallies in Arunachal Pradesh, Assam and Tripura today
2,This is the beginning of the end of the Congress, says Narendra Modi during his rally in Silchar, Assam
2,"@narendramodi_in: We need to make our borders safe that is the need of the hour. We cannot ruin our nation: Narendra Modi"
2,Sharad Pawar's statement on Narendra Modi not to be taken seriously: #Venkaiah Naidu
2,@ndtv 
2,Narendra Modi's Comment about ketchup bottle fetching more price if sold by "ladki" (girl) needs critical appraisal @the_hindu
2,Narendra modi is in LDH PUNJAB... Spreading his name all over the nation...
2,We need to develop agriculture, tourism and manufacturing sectors: Narendra Modi
2,Shri Narendra Modi is talking about the
2,strong ties between Gujarat and Punjab. #NamoInPunjab
2,I believe Punjab can become a driving force behind India's development: Narendra Modi in Ludhiana  #BHASKARNEWS
2,@kiranshaw 
2,Narendra Modi'sComment about ketchup bottle fetching more price if sold by "ladki" (girl) needs critical appraisal
2, @IndiaToday
2,Must be busy with #ComedyNightsWithKapil. BJP must take a decision on him soon @dna Navjot Singh Sidhu skips Narendra Modi's Punjab rally
2,Narendra Modi will be the first person who Visit Punjab and return without having Butter Chicken. #NaMoInPunjab
2,Narendra modi is one of the best leader to solve the all problems which is happening in india.
2,Never ask for salary n pension. "@abpnewstv: I am a soldier and if you vote me to power I will guard the country: Narendra Modi in Ludhiana"
2,"@ANI_news: I am a soldier, and if you vote me to power I will guard the country: Narendra Modi #NaMoInPunjab
2,Narendra Modi Ji , first you tell the people of country that how you will prevent  Govt. treasury from Mukesh Ambani Ji &amp; Adani Ji.
2,Narendra Modi will be the first person who Visit Punjab and return without having Butter Chicken. #NaMoInPunjab
2,Narendra Modi rakes up the pepper spray incident that took place in Parliament, says Cong is resorting to desperate tactics  #BHASKARNEWS
2,Narendra Modi will be the first person who Visit Punjab and return without having Butter Chicken. #NaMoInPunjab
2,We need to make our borders safe that is the need of the hour. We cannot ruin our nation: Narendra Modi.
2,I'm sure Narendra Modi will make it to Guinness Book of World Record for saying "Bhaiyyon- Behno" maximum no. Of times.
2,The right Narendra Modi has on Gujarat every other Indian does: Shri @narendramodi Ji #NaMo4PM #NaMoInJagraon
2,MT @narendramodi_in Narendra Modi: Procurement, Management and Distribution are the 3 basis on which agriculture will grow. #NaMoInPunjab
2,We need to make our borders safe that is the need of the hour. We cannot ruin our nation: Narendra Modi
4,Centre doesn't distribute wheat among the poor despite SC order. Instead, it sells rotting wheat to people who make alcohol: #Narendra Modi
2,We need to make our borders safe that is the need of the hour. We cannot ruin our nation: Narendra Modi
2,"@dna: Congress has no intentions of implementing the 'one rank one pension' scheme: Narendra Modi"
2,"@ndtv: I will not go to Centre as a PM, but as a chowkidaar: Narendra Modi. " And what about ur tea stall? Who will look after them? #feku
2,One rank one pension' was a long standing demand. Congress waited till the polls to grant it: Narendra Modi
2,We need to make our borders safe that is the need of the hour. We cannot ruin our nation: Narendra Modi
2,Narendra Modi will be the first person who Visit Punjab and return without having Butter Chicken. #NaMoInPunjab
2,Narendra Modi rakes up the pepper spray incident that took place in Parliament, says Cong is resorting to desperate tactics #NaMoInPunjab
2,I am a soldier and if you vote me to power I will guard the country: Narendra Modi in Ludhiana
2,Shri Narendra Modi- Procurement, Management and Distribution are the 3 basis on which agriculture will grow.
2,We have to focus equally on agriculture, manufacturing and service sector for economic development----Narendra Modi #NaMoInPunjab
2,I wonder why BJP did not get Sunny Deol or Navjot Siddhu for Narendra Modi's first rally in Punjab #NaMoInPunjab #KejriwalInHaryana #BJP
2,I am a soldier and if you vote me to power I will guard the country: Narendra Modi in Ludhiana #NAMOINPUNJAB #NaMoInJagraon #NAMO4PM 
2,Shri Narendra Modi said- Procurement, Management and Distribution are the 3 basis on which agriculture will grow.
2,Are Narendra Modi Ji closed his eye not to see family horizon of Mr. Prakash Singh Badal in Punjab?.
2,Narendra Modi rakes up the pepper spray incident that took place in Parliament, says Cong is resorting to desperate tactics
2,@Bawli_Booch @spandey2004 : Are Narendra Modi Ji closed his eye not to see family horizon of Mr. Prakash Singh Badal in Punjab?.
2,I am a soldier and if you vote me to power I will guard the country: Narendra Modi in Ludhiana   #BHASKARNEWS
2,Shri Narendra Modi said- Procurement, Management and Distribution are the 3 basis on which agriculture will grow.
2,Narendra Modi's Comment about ketchup bottle fetching more price if sold by "ladki" (girl) needs critical appraisal @INCIndia @PTI_News
2,We need to develop agriculture, tourism and manufacturing sectors: Narendra Modi
2,After throwing sand in your eyes, Congress has started a new trend of throwing chilli in your eyes: Narendra Modi
2,. I belive in self glorification but.. @timesnow Congress believes that only one family needs to be glorified: Narendra Modi in Ludhiana.
2,Narendra Modi wears a 'pagdi' in Punjab. But didn't wear a skull cap in Gujarat, no? Secular Modi? Eh.
2,I am a soldier and if you vote me to power I will guard the country: Narendra Modi in Ludhiana
2,Narendra Modi's Comment about ketchup bottle fetching more price if sold by "ladki" (girl) needs critical appraisal @AamAadmiParty
2,Narendra Modi attacks Congress over 'One rank one pension' policy for armed forces, questions Congress' late approval of the policy #NAMO4PM
2,We have to focus equally on agriculture, manufacturing and service sector for economic development----Narendra Modi
2,Congress has no intentions of implementing the 'one rank one pension' scheme: Narendra Modi
2,Narendra Modi attacks Congress over 'One rank one pension' policy for armed forces, questions Congress' late approval of the policy
2,Guard employed by Ambanis "@dna: I will guard India's treasury like a security guard, and won't let any hand take that away: Narendra Modi"
2,I will not go as a PM but as a Chowkidaar. I will never let any hand touch the coffers: Narendra Modi" #NaMoInPunjab
2,Narendra Modi attacks Congress over 'One rank one pension' policy for armed forces, questions Congress' late approval of the policy
2,'One rank one pension' was a long standing demand. Congress waited till the polls to grant it: Narendra Modi
2,Narendra Modi: the man who wears every single kind of hat. Except one.
4,Centre doesn't distribute wheat among the poor despite SC order. Instead, it sells rotting wheat to people who make alcohol: Narendra Modi
2,"I am ready to become a watchman to watch over this nation", says Narendra Modi at his 'Fateh' rally in Ludhiana
2,Narendra Modi reminds media &amp; people about the fact that he &amp; BJP were first to raise demands for "One Rank One Pension" #NaMoInPunjab #AAP
4,Centre doesn't distribute wheat among the poor despite SC order. Instead, it sells rotting wheat to people who make alcohol: Narendra Modi
2,One Ran One Pension was a long standing demand. Sadly the Centre plays with emotions of our servicemen: Narendra Modi
2,Soldier Soldier, meethi baatein bolkar......"@ANI_news: I am a soldier, and if you vote me to power I will guard the country: Narendra Modi"
2,One Ran One Pension was a long standing demand. Sadly the Centre plays with emotions of our servicemen: Narendra Modi
4,NDA will work as National Development Alliance when we form the government: Narendra Modi
2,I believe Punjab can become a driving force behind India's development: Narendra Modi
4,During elections NDA is National Democratic Alliance but in Government we work as National Development Alliance: Narendra Modi #NAMOINPUNJAB
4,During elections NDA is National Democratic Alliance but in Government we work as National Development Alliance: Narendra Modi
2,Narendra Modi's Comment about ketchup bottle fetching more price if sold by "ladki" (girl) needs critical appraisal @timesnow @ManishTewari
4,During elections NDA is National Democratic Alliance but in Government we work as National Development Alliance: Narendra Modi
2,I believe Punjab can become a driving force behind India's development: Narendra Modi in Ludhiana #NaMoInPunjab
2,Why is Narendra Modi trying to look like Manmohan Singh!?
4,During elections NDA is National Democratic Alliance but in Government we work as National Development Alliance: Narendra Modi
2,Narendra Modi focuses on reforms in Agriculture sector. Shares his governance ideas. #NaMoInPunjab #ScaredOfAAP #AAP #BJP
2,"@ANI_news: We need to develop agriculture, tourism and manufacturing sectors: Narendra Modi" #NaMoInPunjab
2,Narendra Modi could have leaded with exhibiting his 56 inches of Chaatti. That is what Punjabis are freakingly interested into #NaMoInPunjab
2,I believe Punjab can become a driving force behind India's development: Narendra Modi in Ludhiana
2,FCI should to be divided in 03 parts:
2,1. Purchase
2, 2. Storage
2, 3. Distribution
2,Narendra Modi at Ludhiana
2,Congress believes that only one family needs to be glorified: Narendra Modi
2,#NaMoInPunjab "I am a soldier, and if you vote me to power I will guard the country: Narendra Modi"
2,I am a soldier, and if you vote me to power I will guard the country: Narendra Modi @timesnow @ndtv @ibnlive @sardesairajdeep @AamAadmiParty
2,"I am ready to become a watchman to watch over this nation", says Narendra Modi at his 'Fateh' rally in Ludhiana
2,@amolrajan you should learn about the mass gatherings in Narendra Modi's rally's..do u think all these people are stupid? Do ur homework 1st
2,Congress believes that only one family needs to be glorified: Narendra Modi in Ludhiana #NaMoInPunjab
2,There are 3 pillars of the country that we must focus on: Agriculture, manufacturing and service sector: #Narendra Modi
2,I will not go as a PM but as a Chowkidaar. I will never let any hand touch the coffers: Narendra Modi #NaMoInPunjab
2,There are 3 pillars of the country that we must focus on: Agriculture, manufacturing and service sector: Narendra Modi"
2,I will not go as a PM but as a Chowkidaar. I will never let any Hand touch the coffers: Narendra Modi
2,No Sikh farmer will leave Kutch. An officer can go but no Sikh farmer will leave Gujarat I am very clear on this: Narendra Modi in Punjab
2,I will not go as a PM but as a Chowkidaar. I will never let any hand touch the coffers: Narendra Modi
4,Narendra Modi commends Prakash Singh Badal's governance. If I don't die laughing, I'll trend a joke format on this.
0,the foremost election promises by narendra modi to punjab building of a new gurudwara--said to b chunaavi muddas!!!
2,We need to develop agriculture, tourism and manufacturing sectors: Narendra Modi
2,There are 3 pillars of the country that we must focus on: Agriculture, manufacturing and service sector: Narendra Modi
0,#NaMoInPunjab Narendra Singh Modi ::: The next Prime Minster of India and perhaps the best ever...#BJP300+
2,Our alliance with Akali Dal isn't merely a political alliance to fight elections, it's an alliance highlighting togetherness: Narendra Modi"
2,Narendra Modi says he doesn't dream of being Prime Minister, but dreams of protecting the country
2,We need to develop agriculture, tourism and manufacturing sectors: Narendra Modi
0,No no, let's glorify all dynasties. “@timesnow: Congress believes that only one family needs to be glorified: Narendra Modi in Ludhiana”
2,"@dna: I will guard India's treasury like a security guard, and won't let any hand take that away: Narendra Modi"
