So, the new Samsung Galaxy S5 is water resistant.. wow big deal. Nokia 3310 was flood,Tsunami &amp; earthquake resistant.
People are using their fingerprints to lock the Galaxy S5 at the Samsung booth and then walking away, leaving them inaccessible to anyone.
According to sellmymobile UK trade-ins for iPhones went up 87% following the announcement of the Samsung Galaxy S5 #t3stat
Samsung galaxy S5 is water proof you can now call your side chic chini ya maji so your main chic won't find out.
Samsung has officially announced the Galaxy S5 at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona.
The most important feature of the
Samsung Galaxy S5  is that you can't afford it.
New Samsung Galaxy S5 has full LTE capacity, dedicated fitness tools &amp; IP67 water and dust resistant #MWC14
Samsung Galaxy S5 camera features seem super interesting. Android really needs a handset with a good camera.
The new Samsung Galaxy S5 is here! Get it soon with Globe and enjoy a wonderful mobile experience! #GlobeSURPRISE5
The new Samsung Galaxy S5 comes with a build in heart rate monitor and is water and dust resistant. #UnpackedGalaxyS5
#Samsung is acting all classy today. There is an orchestra on the stage playing soothing tunes ahead of the event :-)

#Galaxy #S5 #GalaxyS5
What are you most excited about the Samsung Galaxy S5? Get it from Globe, soon! #GlobeSURPRISE5
Absolutely shocking that Nokia will introduce Android phones, hopefully we will be shocked by the Unveiling of the Samsung Galaxy S5 too.
Samsung Galaxy S5 will be announced in one hour. It's gonna be ugly, you'll love it.
Samsung Galaxy S5 ~ Gear 2 ~ Gear Fit will be available in SA on April 12. #UnpackedGalaxyS5
“@shelby_taylor11: I can't wait to get the Samsung Galaxy S5” yeah me too 😂😂
I can't wait to get the Samsung Galaxy S5
tbh, Samsung Galaxy s5 electric blue looks fugly. like literally. are they drunk? s4 is wayyyyyyyyy prettierr :(
Samsung Galaxy S5 to Boost Mobile????! I'm so going to buy it as soon as I get the money!😊😊
Samsung Galaxy S5 will have more technology, but me Moto X gives me more confidence.
So what does the iPhone 6 look like? Because Samsung already has pictures up for the Galaxy S5
Samsung galaxy s5 is arrived
SAMSUNG has finally taken the sheet off its latest Galaxy S5 smartphone device in its continuing war against Apple for smartphone...
I want Samsung galaxy s5 OMG!!
I should wait for SAMSUNG GALAXY S5 then.  SO 2 months or so no phone :(
Dang it. I just got my Samsung galaxy s4 and they are already coming out with the S5 #whydoesitalwayshappentome
Samsung Galaxy S5 was a big disappointment! Design looks very bad, hardware improvement was not much over S4 except camera.
@EE  when is the samsung galaxy s5 being realeased?
Oooh my phone contract is almost up should I get the Samsung Galaxy S5, The Note 3, or The Galaxy Mega
How convenient my galaxy S3 lasted just long enough for S4 to come out and now the S5. It's almost as if they were made to do that @samsung
Reports have surfaced that the new Samsung Galaxy s5 could cost as much as $1,000 in Europe.
Samsung galaxy s5 is gonna be sick
maybe we're expecting too much from it, that's y we felt so frustrated

Samsung Galaxy S5
Lol the new samsung galaxy s5 gold looks like a plaster. Samsung stop copying apple so hard.
Indian price for samsung galaxy #S5 55000₹ [Rumoured]
@OrangeUK that link is for a Samsung Galaxy S5. Not a Google Nexus 5!
Samsung galaxy S5, my new found love...
Samsung galaxy s5 looks so ugly at the back
Planning to get the newly announced Samsung Galaxy S5? Don’t forget to protect your data on it with the #FingerQ ! #s5 #androidnews
Waiting for Samsung galaxy s5 😊
With S5 launch near (11 April) #Samsung Galaxy #S4 gets a price-cut, now retailing for INR 29,860 in India!
Huuu.. Samsung Galaxy S5- water resistant and dust.. Seriously?? #Sony #Xperia Z2 is The #Best!! Hehehe
@AllYouNeedis__ I need Samsung galaxy s5 or if u  can help I want to leave nigeria for milan city
@tymoss Are you planning to get the Samsung Galaxy S5??
Im now ready for a mobile phone upgrade and will wait for the Samsung Galaxy S5 to be released next month
Galaxy S5 already!?? Samsung is robbing us nou! Every month there's a new Galaxy, forr ntoni?? SMH
waiting for april 11 so i can finally change my phone to samsung galaxy s5 😭
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh I'm saving money for the Samsung Galaxy S5
samsung galaxy s5 out this week coming up thou 
@laustinmcqueen hey you need to be checking out samsung galaxy s5 looking  a hot bit of kit. Me is having one when released in couple weeks
Raging I go get the Samsung galaxy s4 and sure the s5 is coming out
@WhichTech I'm looking forward to the Samsung Galaxy S5 but wouldn't mind winning the Nexus 5 either
ahh so getting the samsung galaxy s5 when its out
Samsung Galaxy S5 is as expensive as an iPhone 5S!!! Who the heck would buy the Galaxy?!
I'd try n wait for #iPhone6, yet I confess the samsung galaxy #S5 is very mouth watering.
Lucid Logic's battery saving tech could be giving Samsung Galaxy S5 21 hrs talk time.#263chat
"Samsung made the Galaxy S5 water resistant because so many users were crying over not having a superior fucking iPhone."
Samsung Galaxy S5 is very iPhone 5s, don’t you think?
Unimpressed by the Samsung Galaxy S5… Samsung yuh fail… Patiently waiting for sumn to actually impress me ...
Samsung has overdone the galaxy line.#S5
@samsung Galaxy S5 is great.
@Sony Xperia Z2's 4K Video &amp; Audio is good.
now we wait for @HTC
Samsung Galaxy S5 pre-orders smash S4's by 130%: The S5 has had 130 per cent more pre-orders than the S4, and it's still early days f...
The new samsung galaxy S5 is water resistant. Well, the Nokia 3310 is tsunami, flood, and apocalypse resistant. Which is better? :p
@birdriana and have u saw the Samsung Galaxy S5?
Dear Samsung, keep your flagship galaxy series capped at a maximum screen size of 5.0 inches. The new galaxy s5 is a huge let down :(
