GPP's merger with BJP to make son of Gujarat Narendra Modi prime minister of India: Gordhan Zadafia while announcing merger of GPP with BJP
I am a soldier and if you vote me to power I will guard the country: Narendra Modi in Ludhiana
We need to make our borders safe that is the need of the hour. We cannot ruin our nation: Narendra Modi
Narendra Modi rakes up the pepper spray incident that took place in Parliament, says Cong is resorting to desperate tactics
Narendra Modi once again invokes the 'ABCD' jibe to attack Congress, says Congress has become synonymous with scams
In the industry, by the industry, for the industry and beyond the industry...this is the Mantra we have given: Narendra Modi in Gandhinagar
"I am ready to become a watchman to watch over this nation", says Narendra Modi at his 'Fateh' rally in Ludhiana
Narendra Modi says he doesn't dream of being Prime Minister, but dreams of protecting the country
Sadly Congress believes only one family needs to be glorified. They forget Lala Lajpat Rai, Badal Sahab remembered them: Narendra Modi
This 'Punjabi cuisine is not limited to Punjab' by Narendra Modi is the most profound observation since the apple fell on Newtons Head
I will not go as a PM but as a Chowkidaar. I will never let any hand touch the coffers: Narendra Modi
During elections NDA is National Democratic Alliance but in Government we work as National Development Alliance: Narendra Modi
Ashok Singhal and Narendra Modi should take it upon themselves to produce Hindu babies. It was a condemnable comment by Singhal: KC Tyagi
Shri Narendra Modi said- Procurement, Management and Distribution are the 3 basis on which agriculture will grow.
No Sikh farmer will leave Kutch. An officer can go but no Sikh farmer will leave Gujarat I am very clear on this: Narendra Modi in Punjab
@SankarshanT @soniandtv Sensational Wow Sankarshan - for once u did not blame Narendra Modi - truly , very surprising ! ! !
@sardesairajdeep  That is ok But when r u getting over your obsession of asking Narendra Modi to apologise for the 2002 Gujarat riots ?
This year's election is a
bachelor's party!
Narendra Modi, 
Rahul Gandhi, 
Mamata Banerjee, 
Jayalalitha &amp; 
Mayavati...
😜😜😜😜😜😜😜😜
@MrAtheistPants @MoveOn there can be no "Talibanization of Hinduism" as you suggest. Narendra Modi will be democratically elected.
Narendra Modi's PR agency is doing an awesome job. No other agency is as good as the Indian National Congress.
please don't see hw people are coming to Narendra Modi's rallies,just watch,why we shld go to his rallies.just lets follow him 4 nxt 5yrs.
"@priyanka_aap: Narendra Modi joined FB in May 2009: Fans 10m 
@ArvindKejriwal Kejriwal joined facebook in Dec 2012: Fans 4.5m  
AK is Best"
Sharad Pawar blames BJP's prime ministerial candidate, Narendra Modi for 2002 'mass murders' in Gujarat. Finally, the truth comes out !
China refutes Narendra Modi's 'expansionist mindset' remark ! Even Chinese Knows Modi means Business..... Finally a decisive leader.
Narendra Modi joined facebook in May 2009: Fans 10m 
@ArvindKejriwal Kejriwal joined facebook in Dec 2012: Fans 4.5m  
AK is Best
Time for Lalu to join the criminal protection racket of Narendra Modi
Set the Agenda on #India272+ “Narendra Modi outlines his agenda for the National Development Alliance in Punj
Narendra Modi lashing out at China will play well in Arunachal Pradesh and India’s eastern flank where anti-Chinese sentiment runs high.
@KuldeepSharrma @GolPuri Only culprit in this country is NARENDRA MODI @narendramodi !!! What a shame
@BJPWin2014 na rahul na kejari ab to support to narendra modi and win to BJP fauter is jinka lala jai hind and namo sauhne gamo vande matram
Does Narendra Modi get foreign policy of India with neighbouring countries? Why is he so fervid against friendly Bangladesh? #willmodianswer
Wedding season, food,pandals or traffic chaos not discussed,
Flavour is politics - Narendra Modi, Arvind Kejriwal and about Congress rout."
BJP thinks one man can run the country: Rahul Gandhi's dig at Narendra Modi .... But ... One Gandhi Family can scam the county ... Isn't it?
NOW WE KNOW WHY NARENDRA MODI WAS TRYING TO FOLLOW /STALK  TO PRODUCE 5  EGGS .OFF HER HMMMMMMMMMMMM
Narendra Modi’s personality has insured that NDA’s most reliable allies are uncomfortable with them: Randeep Singh Surjewala
Narendra Modi’s personality has insured that NDA’s most reliable allies are uncomfortable with them: Randeep Singh Surjewala
Narendra Modi’s personality has insured that NDA’s most reliable allies are uncomfortable with them: Randeep Singh Surjewala
Narendra Modi’s personality has insured that NDA’s most reliable allies are uncomfortable with them: Randeep Singh Surjewala
Narendra Modi’s personality has insured that NDA’s most reliable allies are uncomfortable with them: Randeep Singh Surjewala
Now everyone is looking at Narendra Modi,as a Vikash Personality .so no doubt,all like to join and support to growing India
Leadership quality i seen my life Mr.chandrababu naidu, Mr.narendra modi and Shrimati sonia gandhi in their party.decision maker is a leader
Narendra Modi is what we need as P.M and BJP is the party which we will vote for...
Narendra Modi’s personality has insured that NDA’s most reliable allies are uncomfortable with them: Randeep Singh Surjewala
@narendramodi The day u adressed the rally of guwahati . There has been only one name in everybodys mouth and that is NARENDRA MODI .
what do Narendra Modi and Justin Bieber have in common? Tweet about them and their fans and foes will keep you busy all day on Twitter
I support narendra modi. because modi is good person.
GPP's merger with BJP to make son of Gujarat Narendra Modi prime minister of India: Gordhan Zadafia while announcing merger@sudhirchaudhary
GPP's merger with BJP to make son of Gujarat Narendra Modi prime minister of India: Gordhan Zadafia while announcing merger of
Someone please buy Modi (Narendra wala) for their IPL team, he has a bunch of trendy helmets.
BJP thinks one man can run the country: Rahul Gandhi's dig at Narendra Modi 
#Dude your family has been running India for over 60 Years
What d deal is happening between you and congress to stop Narendra modi's mission of 272+ ??? #AskKejri #AAP
Narendra Modi connecting with mass population inspite of all Media odds with help of SM &amp; new technics is a case study 4 management schools
Is Editor's guild as concerned on issue of slandering Narendra Modi since 12 years like it is concerned for #BhagodaKejri attacking Media
Set the Agenda on #India272+ “Narendra Modi outlines his agenda for the National Development Alliance in Punjab”
GPP's merger with BJP to make son of Gujarat Narendra Modi prime minister of India: Gordhan Zadafia while announcing merger of GPP with BJP"
Tez channel carrying a report that Narendra Modi won't be able to become PM because acc. to Horoscope female will be PM #media #desperation
Set the Agenda on #India272+ “Narendra Modi outlines his agenda for the National Development Alliance in Punjab”
Where r all the AAPtards today,not trending Kejru's secular card at the Islamic center in Delhi  
Narendra Modi
@ggiittiikkaa @upma23 just by Narendra modi speech! China got the message! wow! we must make narendra modi PM, Indians will be respected
NIA arrested 2 persons from Mirzapur in UP in connection with the blasts outside the rally of Narendra Modi on October 27. ..
Two persons arrested by NIA in UP rpt UP in connection with blasts near Patna rally of BJP's Prime Ministerial candidate Narendra Modi: NIA
Omg... Gujraat ppl. Complaining against bjp's Narendra Modi? Hahah xD oh man how can i miss it :P
If Narendra Modi files Defamation and sues those Star Journos , most of them,  altogether with their Black &amp; White balance will be BANKRUPT
Two persons arrested by NIA in UP in connection with blasts near Patna rally of BJP's Prime Ministerial candidate Narendra Modi: NIA 
I would urge to Shri rajnath singh ji do not make any alliance with PASWAN (LJP)...BJP WILL WIN 35 seats out of 40 in bihar..narendra modi
Narendra modi is great leader to the bjp
China refutes Narendra Modi's 'expansionist mindset' remark ! Even Chinese Knows Modi means Business..... Finally a decisive leader
Two persons arrested by NIA in UP in connection with blasts near Patna rally of BJP's Prime Ministerial candidate Narendra Modi: NIA
Why Arnab not interviewing Narendra Modi ??#NationalElectionDebate #timesnow
I think it become cool to bash Rahul Gandhi and suck up to Narendra Modi, even without looking into any merit of things.
2 persons arrested by NIA in Bihar in connection with blasts near Patna rally of Narendra Modi.Both arrested from Mirzapur(Ahmed,Fakruddin).
Shri Narendra Modi will inaugurate the National Ayurveda Summit 2014 in Gandhinagar
Why is BJP trying to woo #LJP who had won a royal 3 seats out of 293 in #Bihar assembly if there really is a Narendra Modi wave? #RJD #JDU
Two persons arrested by NIA in UP in connection with blasts near Patna rally of BJP's Prime Ministerial candidate Narendra Modi: NIA  -PTI
NIA: 2 arrested in #Bihar in connection with blasts near Patna rally of BJP's Prime Ministerial candidate Narendra Modi
narendra modi is the best cm in all state of india
2 persons arrested by NIA in UP in connection with blasts in Patna ahead of Narendra Modi's rally last year, says agency: PTI
Two persons arrested by NIA in Bihar in connection with blasts near Patna rally of BJP's Prime Ministerial candidate Narendra Modi: NIA
Long back, Narendra Modi and Rahul Gandhi met for tea. The tea they drank came to be known as Bagh Bakri Cha
@IndiaToday why "Narendra Modi's ex minister"? minister belongs to a state not CM. This is why media being slapped. Everyone ridiculous you.
"Lijjat papad was started by Gujarat's tribal women. It's a model of entrepreneurship," Narendra Modi.
Really?
Is #NaMo4PM citing the truth?
Two persons arrested by NIA
in Bihar in connection with blasts
near Patna rally of
BJP's Prime Ministerial candidate Narendra Modi: NIA
Two persons arrested by NIA in UP rpt UP in connection with blasts near Patna rally of BJP's Prime Ministerial candidate Narendra Modi: NIA
Two persons arrested by NIA in Bihar in connection with blasts near BJP PM candidate Narendra Modi's rally venue in Patna: NIA (PTI)
Two persons arrested by NIA in Bihar in connection with blasts in Patna ahead of Narendra Modi's rally last year, says agency: PTI
#Breaking: 2 persons arrested by NIA in Bihar in connection with blasts near Patna rally of BJP's Prime Ministerial candidate Narendra Modi.
PTI-Two persons arrested by NIA in Bihar in connection with blasts near Patna rally of BJP's Prime Ministerial candidate Narendra Modi: NIA
PTI:Two persons arrested by NIA in Bihar in connection with blasts near Patna rally of BJP's Prime Ministerial candidate Narendra Modi
Two persons arrested by NIA in Bihar in connection with blasts near Patna rally of BJP's Prime Ministerial candidate Narendra Modi: NIA-PTI
Two persons arrested by NIA in Bihar in connection with blasts near Patna rally of BJP's Prime Ministerial candidate Narendra Modi: NIA
Narendra Modi will definetely win this election but will he fullfill the dream of youth ?
Prabhu Vasava:People are not allowing MLA's into villages if they dont support Narendra Modi as PM. It has seeped into nook n corner of Guj
@rahulkanwal @HeadlinesToday After Kejriwal,the next target wud be Narendra Modi.yahan kaun kiska saga hai?its a BIGGEST BOSS reality show!
@BJP4India @narendramodi as days are passing only positive vibes creating leader is Narendra Modi..he talks Nation First..and rest own first
COFFEE with Karan. TEA with Mr Narendra Modi. COUGH SYRUP with Mr Kejriwal. POGO Channel with Mr Rahulji :p
@modi_giri I AM A SUPPORTER OF NARENDRA MODI JI. WHY DO INDIANS HESITATE TO GIVE SUPPORT TO A GOOD LEADER IS A MYSTERY. CHANGE IS IMMINENT.
@dna @ArvindKejriwal says "big leader" from @AamAadmiParty wud fight agnst Narendra Modi once he announces his constituency @dilipkpandey
@dna @ArvindKejriwal says "big leader" from @AamAadmiParty wud fight Lok Sabha poll agnst Narendra Modi once he announces his constituency
Okay! But she LOVES @yogrishiramdev "@ibnlive Rakhi Sawant may join politics, says likes both Rahul Gandhi and Narendra Modi"
Narendra Modi is deserve for PM.Support them
Vision 2 create employment "@manishailesh: Give our youth skills &amp; see how he or she can bring about a change in the world: Narendra Modi"
See wen Strong  modi warns china - '' Narendra Modi gets China to ink a first, react to Bharatiya Janata Party strongman's warnings
Give our youth the skills &amp; see how he or she can bring about a change in the world: Narendra Modi
After Kejriwal,the next target would be Narendra Modi.yahan kaun kiska saga hai? its a BIGGEST BOSS reality show my jewels! @ArvindKejriwal
Ad Campaign for Congres , Ground campaign for Narendra Modi.
Congress calls Narendra Modi a dictator. Given how India is at the moment, we need a dictator as our PM ?
After over eating of UP's tax payers money, Mulayam Singh now looks like a hybrid brinjal.#NaMo #HDL BJP #Vote4India Narendra Modi
@Stupidosaur Narendra Modi supporters will love this Nutella having modi-fied palm oil.
In 2020 INDIA will become SUPER POWER: A P J ABDUL KALAM.. no doubt about it. If you want to be part of that, VOTE TO BJP for NARENDRA MODI
The only Indian who has guts to say "China...BACK OFF"!! is Narendra Bhai Modi!!!     learn learn...
@rranjan_in Narendra Modi's wishes for becoming the next Prime Minister may remain unfulfilled...Ahmedabad astrologer
Why every party leader blaming Narendra Modi, While Congress in power for last 10 years in center
Narendra Modi nominated for Best Costume Design Oscars....
#oscar2014
@ModiBharosa Narendra Modi sir, plz also warn d #498a &amp; #dv abusers. victimized  Indian citizens R  also part of India.
What's the difference between Narendra Modi and Rahul Gandhi's speech?  The same difference between srk and krk #2rsperson
